## Notes from meeting:

Next Steps:

[ ] rework api requests to work with rate limiting and next page links
[ ] Need 500 word abstract

## What data to get:


## Article Special Issue:

<https://journalofdigitalhistory.org/en/cfp/history-of-the-web> 500 word abstract
Topics:
- history of institutions seen through the web: functions, features, platforms
- understanding the limitations of these sources for web history, including technical or ethical challenges
- online communities and cyber communities: creation, transformation and lifecycles

## Overview of abstract argument

- Github popular in DH
  - point to examples of tutorials and calls for more use of Github
- But little exploration of how the platform represents social network for DH
- This article proposes a study into both how Github can provide important web archived data and also at the same time how Github is a space for understanding the broader DH community
  - Building on research on networks of DH on Twitter and citation
  - And also on research of data mining Github
  - And then lastly social media archiving
- Make the argument that this is an important platform for understanding DH communities, reveals different patterns and also insights into the DH labor and knowledge production
  - EDA?
  - network analysis of the DH network
  - query the limits of this data -> what is DH coding even? What makes a project DH? Is it actively tagged that way or is it someone identifying as a DHer?
- Raises important questions for both web archiving and data/coding practices in DH

Questions and Hypotheses:
- Who is actually doing the coding in DH? (social coding practices in DH)
  - community doing code is a small subset of the people who are engaged in DH.
  - different types of coding practices - community doing collaborative code projects is even smaller 
- What types of data can be collected from Github to answer ^^^ these questions? Can we answer these questions with Github data?
  - partial picture - Github as popular source but access to data depends on how individual projects are described. 
  - 

1. "finding DH in Github"
- story becomes how we go about finding the data on the platform
- negotiating the many-to-many challenge of the data from the Github API. 



2. follow up on who is doing the work and how

*Original Potential questions*:

- How is Github transforming DH coding work?
- Who is doing this coding work?
  - Contributors to the project vs the project citation itself
- Types of commits?
  - Emerging norms for coding work? Are people using this as robust collaboration platform or just archiving materials?
  - How much collaboration is really going?
- Project Management on Github? Project maintainers?
- Which repos become more collaborative or archival? Which ones are being starred or forked more frequently?
- reach out to certain people in the community for oral history for their git history?

